Docs updates for APM PHP release 0.47.0 (#7729)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/php.md

| `DD_AGENT_HOST`                           | `localhost` | The Agent host name                                                                                                                            |
| `DD_AUTOFINISH_SPANS`                     | `false`     | Whether spans are automatically finished when the tracer is flushed                                                                            |
| `DD_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING`                  | `true`      | Whether to enable distributed tracing                                                                                                          |

> | `DD_ENV`                                  | `null`      | Set an application’s environment e.g. `prod`, `pre-prod`, `stage`. Added in version `0.47.0`.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_ENV`                                  | `null`      | Set an application’s environment, for example: `prod`, `pre-prod`, `stage`. Added in version `0.47.0`.                                            |
```

| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`                          | `false`     | Enable [debug mode](#custom-url-to-resource-mapping) for the tracer                                                                            |
| `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                        | `true`      | Enable the tracer globally                                                                                                                     |
| `DD_TRACE_GENERATE_ROOT_SPAN`             | `true`      | Automatically generate a top-level span; set to `false` in conjunction with `DD_TRACE_AUTO_FLUSH_ENABLED=1` to trace long-running processes    |

> | `DD_TAGS`                                 | `null`      | Tags to be set on all spans, e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`.                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Tiny nit: All of the `e.g.`'s were converted to `for example` in #7620.

Reviewer 3: +1, for example is to ensure appropriate translation :)

> | `DD_TAGS`                                 | `null`      | Tags to be set on all spans, e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`.                                                                                  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `DD_TAGS`                                 | `null`      | Tags to be set on all spans, for example: `key1:value1,key2:value2`.                                                                                  |
```

| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED`  | `true`      | Enable URL's as resource names (see [Map resource names to normalized URI](#map-resource-names-to-normalized-uri)).                            |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`      | `false`     | A flag to enable app analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration (see [Integration names](#integration-names)).                       |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_SAMPLE_RATE`  | `1.0`       | Set the app analytics sample rate for relevant spans in a specific integration (see [Integration names](#integration-names)).                  |

> | `DD_VERSION`                              | `null`      | Set an application’s version in traces and logs e.g. `1.2.3`, `6c44da20`, `2020.02.13`. Added in version `0.47.0`.                             |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `DD_VERSION`                              | `null`      | Set an application’s version in traces and logs, for example: `1.2.3`, `6c44da20`, `2020.02.13`. Added in version `0.47.0`.                             |
```
